Out of all the courses that I've taken, it was detailed.
You guys broke it down from the beginning to the end,
and it really, really helped me out.
I've already told my friends about it.
It's so hard to get your foot in the door
in this industry.
So you guys have actually given a path.
I mean, only other thing just to try and get
into industry need to do is just practice Xactimate.
It'll all come together with just actually getting out
on the field and following your process
to closing the claims.
Your wife, she really puts the icing on the cake.
Doing the file reviews, this is the feedback
you'll get in the field.
Everything was laid out for you, like, stick to this
and you can't go wrong.
I completed it in two weeks or less.
That's how easy it was.
I'm confident that when I go in, if I follow the plan,